I only have this big thumbs up,
To suit you. Expensive status and nothing too beautiful.
But after our electricity supply changed,
It’s worth ten million.
I am very proud of it and let you review it.
Didn’t Mr. Shen marry his wife long ago?
Are we still buying into calculations?
What do you know? There is something going on at home,
See, I can only reply to you. What do you remember?
You remembered it wrong,
I misremembered that record,
I also took a daughter-in-law, who turned out to be a fake me.
But why does this look like
Even if your store manager comes
Aren't you afraid of being fired?
Who should I look at?
I just don’t buy this emotion
Judgment of Marriage
Today I’m here to choose the price and quantity.
So slutty for these two.
Huhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhu